feat(messaging): add troubleshooting (#5039)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/nats/faq.mdx

Billing is based on [message volume](/nats/concepts/#message-volume) (the total sum of each message's size going through NATS) and [message persistence](/nats/concepts/#message-persistence) (the total amount of data stored * duration).

For full pricing details, see our [dedicated pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/).

## Can I access the NATS monitoring endpoint in order to deploy autoscaling tools?

> The monitoring endpoint is not available on Scaleway NATS. Although you can access your account monitoring information through [Scaleway Cockpit](/cockpit/), this may not be usable by third party autoscaler tools. As a workaround, you may consider coding a solution whereby your worker monitors consumption information via the metadata on each received message, and providing this information to your scaling logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The monitoring endpoint is not available on Scaleway NATS. Although you can access your account monitoring information through [Scaleway Cockpit](/cockpit/), this may not be usable by third-party autoscaling tools. As a workaround, you may consider coding a solution whereby your worker monitors consumption information via the metadata on each received message and provides this information to your scaling logic.
```
